local Tar Output for Build and Push - CI-15199 (#8716)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-integration/shared/build-and-push-local-tar.md

> In some cases, you may prefer to generate a local tarball of the built Docker image instead of pushing it directly to a registry. This approach is useful for testing locally or when registry access is not available during the build step.

Reviewer: I would call out the main use case customers need - ability to build and then scan , and use an example where we generate the tar file , followed by an STO step that scans like trivy

> In some cases, you may prefer to generate a local tarball of the built Docker image instead of pushing it directly to a registry. This approach is useful for testing locally or when registry access is not available during the build step.

Author: ```suggestion
In scenarios where pushing a Docker image to a registry is not feasible, you can generate a local tarball of the built image instead. This approach is particularly useful for situations like local testing or when registry access is unavailable during the build process.

Once the tarball is generated, you can use a Security Testing Orchestration (STO) step, such as Aqua Trivy, to scan the image for vulnerabilities. This workflow ensures that images are built and scanned effectively, even without access to a remote registry.
```
